Post-release changes for 3.10.1 (#6308)
microsoft/testfx: docs/Changelog-Platform.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/)

## <a name="1.8.1" />[1.8.1] - 2025-08-05

See full log [of v3.10.0...v3.10.1](https://github.com/microsoft/testfx/compare/v3.10.0...v3.10.1)

> * No change, released to keep version aligned with Microsoft.Testing.Platform.

Author: ```suggestion
* No change, released to keep version aligned with MSTest.
```
